Hello
There Ya is this time the girl was unified with anyone I love pink Brown
I tried to make that eye makeup
Then again this time
In Let's starter
At first I will finish the eyebrows This time I will use the pink brown ones
First of all, as I saw, I am a demon
I will write from mountain to say
This time I finished in thick with closed slightly
And
The wharf filled the gap with the opposite powder
Finish naturally so as not to get too thick
Hmmm
And then pink Brown's will continue to paint a say mascara
Wetting Masu and clean color and we painted in the form of trim paint from the opposite direction
The kite is now complete
Eye makeup treats Jagger Naked 3
Yes this is not food, not chocolate
First, it blurs the pink color that say there edition in the depression of the eye
It commits also to 1/3 hollow by aiming at continuing
Next, add a little dark pink color to the hollow at the buttocks and blur the shadow
make
And shinee next to release next bright pink shadow
As recommended and wet paint to put wet the living in the cut animals per top of the iris
It is very beautiful though she comes out
Please try if you can challenge the waist
Apply to having a ski-white mat called strange Following
And the brown shadow that then say that factory leaving the inner corner of the eye
Apply to the whole of 2
And reappointment say and just dance to the inner corner of the eye will leave painted pink shadow
Hmm
And then love line put the mucous membranes of the ultra-under
I would like to finish the eye line sweeter this time
I tried to write down the sauce
Hmm
me
22 eme
Hmm
cme
Say okay
There is a rose if I raise the eyelashes in the Buhler
Anxious but ah ah problem in finding Well
I will finish with the pink brown pass that can be very long
And next is teak We use gentle pink color for being sweet
Finish with a sponge this time You can paint evenly using sports
The coming season cream teak is good to fall hard
Let's use cream teak by all means
And make-up is completed painted a bright pin clip of linen to finish
I'm going to sleep or go to bed
Car one sound one maker on the cash register
me
emf
Well
Hmm
me